changes to be made in LeadVision:

Pdf Structure optimization - 2 days.

TL view button on clicking mobile number will be unmasked , he/she will need to enter code the login code , unmasking will be there for 1 min and then again numbers will be masked and at a time TL can only View one entry mobile number.

screenshot block feature for TL so it cannot take screenshot or screen record.

instead of gemini use free open source model - R&D and implementation.

callers should see its overall rank against other callers.

remove disposition deletion functionality.

Superadmin panel to create buckets for example "Follow Up" bucket can have disp1,disp2 etc. and while creating disposition add option to select bucket , so disp directly gets mapped under that bucket.
while creating bucket give an option to enable calendar option for that bucket so when any of the follow up disposition is selected TL will be selecting future time and date to when to follow up . (Discuss if this functionality is for callers or TL?)


in manage_batches page after selecting filter by status dropdown there should be another dropdown where callers under that admin are visible and admin can download Disposition wise data marked by that callers i.e suppose in filter by status dropdown he selects "Follow up" and then select callers and then in scope he selects all batches and then clicks on Generate & download PDF then the pdf will contain the entries which that caller has marked "Follow up" previously and uploaded on system.

TL cannot login from multiple devices.

For admin there should be a panel where he/she is able to see batchwise data in the following format:

Total Records,Connected,Non Connected,Gap
1112,          1000,        100,       12

i.e 1112 records were there in total in that batch and according to callers uploaded data Connected were 1000, Non connected were 100 and there difference i.e 12 records were not marked by callers.

remove Interested -11 from Filter by status dropdown and for any filter by status download in view batches page data cannot be downloaded more than 7 times for same disposition i.e if i have downloaded data for "Follow Up" disposition for that caller for that batch or if same disposition data is downloaded for all batches for 7 times then it cannot be downloaded again.

In access codes page of Admin where he can see login codes of TL when he clicks on refresh button and if TL is already logged in then he/she should be logged out. example suppose i am TL and already logged in and admin clicks on refresh code for my entry then i should get logged out or prompt to login again or my session should get expired.

have to fix session expiry timing of 4 hours.

don't show numbers in action history page of TL.

remove performance and settings page from superadmin navbar as they are not used.

Improve UI , fix navbar bugs.