now this are my current project files. without breaking any existing logic or functionalities i have to implement the following modifications : 

1. processing pdf optimizations : currently generating pdf takes too much time , there should be an limit on uploaded excel that it should not exist more than 10,000 rows(excel which admin uploads). you should not break any pdf structure or logic which we are currently using i.e how we are mapping certain columns with ouput pdf columns etc  or order ,just change one column position i.e Mobile no column should come before Name column in output pdf.

2. there should be an plus button after select vendor dropdown for admin if he wants to add 1 more vendor for himself. now this request should go to "superadmin" vendor requests and on approval an new vendor id should be generated for him and that vendor id should be unique and can't be used for other admins, i.e start Vendor id for this type of addition of vendors from "V61" . So now when current admin gets approval from superadmin then vendor id will be created as "V61" and if another admin gets approval then id will be "V62" and so on.... .and only 4 requests can be made by an admin overall. 

3. partners ,connectors and teams all this data is present in 
first_register,corporate_connector and corp_leader. now currently the mapping is done as first_register contains an addedBy column which contains the id and that id is joined with corporate_user_permission table which contains data of ZM,BM,ADM. now suppose if partner(first_register table entry) has id in addedBy column as 643 and 643 is some ADM in corporate_user_permission , now that ADM will be connected to some BM and this bm username will be present in bm_allocated column and ZM will be present in zm_allocated column. if a user designation is Branch_Manager then it will only have zm_allocated column and bm_allocated might be blank. same for ZM(Zonal_manager) ,zm_allocated might be blank. now my point is if some BM or ADM is made admin then whoever in the hierarchy comes under them they should be mapped as callers to them. for example i made a BM , it will have ADM and that ADM will have partners,connectors,teams than that BM should directly have this one's as callers. same for ZM , ZM will have BM's and BM's will have ADM's or it can happen that some partner is directly mapped to ZM or BM but as per our current logic that direct partners will be mapped as callers but that via via partners,connectors,teams should also be mapped to ZM's whenever ZM is made admin.

4.disposition column values should always be in this format circles should be on left side followed by 2digit and it should not happen like circle is on above line and digit comes on next line as it will get difficult for AI to ocr. and disposition column should be dynamic as per the dispositions created by superadmin. and pdf table should not exceed 12 columns.

5. callers should be able to add multiple photos and then click on process with ai button so all photo gets processed one by one automatically.